Add configurable application id to native filesystems (#24361)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/object-storage/file-system-azure.md

    Azure from every node. Defaults to double the number of processors on the
    node. Minimum `1`. Use this property to reduce the number of requests when
    you encounter rate limiting issues.
* - `azure.application-id`

>   - Specifies the application identifier that is appended to the `User-Agent` header

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - Specify the application identifier appended to the `User-Agent` header
```

    for all requests sent to the Azure Storage.

>     Defaults to `Trino`. 

Reviewer: You can wrap that up.

    Azure from every node. Defaults to double the number of processors on the
    node. Minimum `1`. Use this property to reduce the number of requests when
    you encounter rate limiting issues.
* - `azure.application-id`
  - Specify the application identifier appended to the `User-Agent` header

>     for all requests sent to the Azure Storage. Defaults to `Trino`. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    for all requests sent to Azure Storage. Defaults to `Trino`. 
```
